Enable authentication (#135)
LiUGraphQL/woo.sh: graphql-server/README.md

- `DEBUG`: Enable debugging output (default: `false`)
- `USERNAME`: Username for authentication against the database (default: `undefined`)
- `PASSWORD`: Password for authentication against the database (default: `undefined`)

If you are running `woosh` in a docker container you can also specifiy the variables as environment variables.

## Available drivers
- ArangoDB

## Prerequisites
- npm (Node)
- Database backend

## Example
An example server based on a simplified version of the Star Wars GraphQL schema backed by [ArangoDB](https://www.arangodb.com/) has already been generated for testing purposes using the build script in the root directory:
```bash
$ ./woo.sh --input example/db-schema/starwars-db.graphql \
          --output example-server/ \
          --config  example/config.yml \
          --driver arangodb \
          --custom-api-schema example/custom-api-schema.graphql \
          --custom-resolvers example/custom-resolvers.js
```

To run the example server, simply navigate to `example-server/`, install the necessary dependencies using `npm install` and finally run:
```bash
$ npm start
```

> The server will wait for `arangodb` to become available at `http://localhost:8529`. If your backend is password protected please provide the necessary authentication information in the `.env` file (see above). Visit `http://localhost:4000` to try out the server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The server will wait for `arangodb` to become available at `http://localhost:8529`. If your backend is password protected, you need to provide the necessary authentication information in the `.env` file (see above). Visit `http://localhost:4000` to try out the server.
```

# Running tests

> In order to successfully run all `graphql-server` tests in a single run two instances of ArangoDB are needed. The first instance should not use any authentication and be exposed on the default port `8529`. The second instance should use authentication with the password `wooosh1234` for the `root` user and be exposed on port `8530`. This is most easily acomplished using docker:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to successfully run all `graphql-server` tests in a single run two instances of ArangoDB are needed. The first instance should not use any authentication and be exposed on the default port `8529`. The second instance should use authentication with the password `woosh1234` for the `root` user and be exposed on port `8530`. This is most easily acomplished using docker:
```
